Add notes for multiple Desktop instances (#154)
status-im/status.im: source/build_status/desktop.md

1. In separate terminal tab: `make watch-desktop` (note: wait until sources are compiled)
1. In separate terminal tab: `react-native run-desktop`

## Notes

>   - in order to run several Status Desktop instances, please specify values for `REACT_SERVER_PORT`, `STATUS_NODE_PORT`, `STATUS_DATA_DIR` environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - in order to run multiple Status Desktop instances, please specify values for the `REACT_SERVER_PORT`, `STATUS_NODE_PORT`, `STATUS_DATA_DIR` environment variables:
```

Reviewer 2: @siphiuel will you make this one change, or can I just merge? Seems insignificant to me.

Author: @PombeirP thanks for the note, fixed as per your advice. @andytudhope - good to go now.
